STAC-23666: Add release notes 2.6.2 release and update with staging changes (#108)
rancher/stackstate-product-docs: docs/latest/modules/en/pages/setup/data-management/backup_restore/kubernetes_backup.adoc

=== Delete Elasticsearch indices

[NOTE]
====

> You can use the `--delete-all-indices` flag with the restore script to automatically delete all indices before restoring. See xref:/setup/data-management/backup_restore/kubernetes_backup.adoc#_restore_an_elasticsearch_snapshot[restore an Elasticsearch snapshot] for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `--delete-all-indices` flag with the restore script to automatically delete all indices before restoring. For more information, see xref:/setup/data-management/backup_restore/kubernetes_backup.adoc#_restore_an_elasticsearch_snapshot[restore an Elasticsearch snapshot].
```

We are trying to maintain consistency in this style throughout the docs for all "For more info" mentions; feasible for SEO stuff as well.

====
*When a snapshot is restored, existing indices won't be overwritten.*

You can use the `--delete-all-indices` flag to automatically delete all indices by the restoring script, or manually delete them as described in xref:/setup/data-management/backup_restore/kubernetes_backup.adoc#_delete_elasticsearch_indices[delete Elasticsearch indices].

====

[WARNING]
====

> *If the Elasticsearch PersistentVolumes were re-created* (for example, by accidental deletion and following pod restart), the Elasticsearch backup configuration must be recreated. This can be done by either:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*If the Elasticsearch `PersistentVolumes` were re-created* (for example, by accidental deletion and following pod restart), you must recreate the Elasticsearch backup configuration by using either of the below two methods:
```

> * Reinstalling the SUSE Observability Helm chart with the same configuration used for the initial installation, or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Reinstalling the SUSE Observability Helm chart with the same configuration used for the initial installation (OR)
```
